All right.
So while we are here in this sub NAB, that test file, we can do a small refactor, we can try to get
rid of the duplication by creating another factory function.
As a reminder, a factory function is just a function that produces a consistent output.
In this case, I want to produce whatever the two tests have in common, and once again, the majority
of that shared code is really this chunk right here.
It is the set up of the configuration object with the global property and the Marx property, etc..
Now the key difference between this configuration object and this one is of course, the root property.
Here we have a name property set to home, and here we have a name property set to job results.
And I do need to preserve that difference between the two tests.
But other than that, the config objects are identical.
So here's how I can address that issue right here.
Outside of both of my described blocks, because I want this function to be invoked both from any one
of those described blocks, I'll create a new function, I'll call it create config.
And what I'll allow it to receive as a parameter will be the root name.
All right.
And that allows me to feed in a custom route name from every test.
So here I'm going to use my syntax to implicitly return an object.
So it's going to be the parentheses followed by the curly braces for a JavaScript object.
So I am returning an object as the return value of the create config function.
And I'm just going to copy this thing right here.
And paste in here.
So we have just about our whole config object, except of course we need to provide a value for this
dollar sign root property.
And what I can do is make this an object.
And in that object, I know I'm going to need to have a name, property.
So name.
And I will set name equal to the value coming from my root name parameter.
So the user is just going to give me a single string as the argument and then we're going to set that
string as the value for the name of property.
So the way it's going to look below is I can now do this.
I can get rid of this root right here.
And I can define a constant like root name.
And it'll just be this single string of job results.
And here, instead of providing the entire configuration object, I will invoke the helper function
from above, which is create config and I'll invoke it and pass in my root name, which in this case
will be job results.
So it'll create the complete object and provide job results right here in line ten.
Otherwise, we have the exact same config object as we as we use.
So nothing is changing as far as the logic of the tests.
We're just removing some of that duplication and isolating it to this helper helper factory function.
And the reason I like this approach, as I mentioned earlier, is I'm keeping my mount in my test so
I know what it is that I'm doing.
I know what it is that I'm testing.
And I'm still providing another reader with the context that what matters here is the root name being
job results.
The reader doesn't really have to worry about this complex configuration object and all those internals.
If they're curious about it, they can scroll up and find out more.
But for the purposes of communicating the test, I'm saying, Hey, there's a root name.
We're going to feed that into our config.
So it probably makes a difference and the user can ascertain that the root name has an impact on the
actual assertion that we're making later on.
So right here, I'm going to do the exact same thing.
I'm going to create a constant called the root name.
And this one I will set to home the exact same implementation as we have here.
So I can remove this round object.
I can remove the actual object in line here.
I can once again invoke the create config factory function, give it a root name to provide like.
So save this file and our tests will rerun and everything is still passing.
So I think it's a little bit cleaner.
Our tests.
Tests are nice and short, but yet.
Well, describing of the problem and of course we've isolated that common set up to this factory function
up here.
If somebody wants to get into the nitty gritty details of how we provide a configuration to the mounting
of the component for the test.
All right.
So I think this is a step in the right direction and we will continue in the next lesson.